Hello Professor Pfaffmann,

It is that time for me to turn over my research to you. I apologize that I have
not been able to get it done. Between projects and finals I haven't seemed to
have the time to work on this. So to bring you up to speed, I had uploaded the
files to dropbox at the end of the summer. It seems to be all there, but feel
free to contact me if something is missing or unclear. I haven't really
adjusted these files, since I was playing with glob on simpler files to
understand it first, and since my current versions are pretty much broken with
my random experiments; in other words, it is besto continue with the ones I
shared with you on dropbox.

Currently, the z-score are calculated by using all of the uploaded files for
the 3D matrices. Meaning the average time of distance for each of the z-score
calculations is does using that of the other uploaded file. Instead, Gabel
wants the z-score calculations to use all of the files for the mean and
standard deviation calulations. Thus, a new variable needs to be instantiated
which draws data from all of the files in the "data" folder of that same maze.
This new variable will replace loadedFileVis in some places, but not all, since
only the loaded files will be displayed in heat mazes. In other words, for
every time this code is ran, data will be collected from that maze for every
participant and be used, but only the uploaded files in the treeview will be
displayed. Also, this will change the color, since the color is based on a
maximum value, which would now be the maximum zscore of every file of that
maze, not just the uploaded ones.

It is important that it is only the data of the same maze file, since this
would alther the results. The only files that might need to be touched should
really be the zScore_Dist (and zScore_Time but those are identical in code
other than variable names / data so the work is just copying and adjusting) and
add_load_data [to create a variable similar to loadedFileVis but that doesn't
require true for visibilty and looks at all files of currentmaze# from the
given directoy]. Additionally, the main proc might need to be used to
instantiate/initialize the new variable.

Once again, I am truly so very sorry for not making enough time to do this and
for adding it to your already very intense workload. Have a good thanksgiving /
break and I will be in this weekend if you need me to explain anything in
person or feel free to contact me by email. Thank you.

